# project-reports
TechRank is a web application which provides comment-based ratings and rankings for electronic devices such as TVs, computers, mobile phones, audio devices, appliances, etc. Our system will collect reviews on electronic products from the trusted e-commerce websites. It will analyze the comments using Natural Language Processing (NLP) and based on the analysis it will provide following functionality: Maximum 4 criteria for each product type will be pre-selected. For each one of these criteria, TechRank will assign a percentage point by analyzing comments on specific criterion. For example, if the criterion is performance for computer, TechRank will analyze comments on this device that includes negative or positive statements on performance of this device, and determine percentage point. After this, ranking of the device amongst all other devices on its category regarding selected criterion will be determined. This ranking will show the selected products’ place on the market based on only  4 selected criterion. In addition, overall rating for the device will be assessed by averaging percentage points for each of the criteria. And by averaging overall ratings of all products of the producer, overall rating of the producer will be determined. Using all these rankings, users will be able to understand general consensus on products and their specific qualities, and the producers. By this way, users will not get lost among hundreds or thousands of comments in the web, and will be able to understand the rankings of the product they are looking for amongst all of its rivals on the market. Furthermore, users will be able to view all the comments that are used to determine percentage point of the device on specific criterion. In addition to this core feature, to provide better experience for users many information on selected device will be made available on TechRank. Application will show pictures of the product from different e-commerce website, it will provide technical specifications of the device; users will be able to see all the comment on web for selected device.
